(The first morning of Budapest)
Chuu: We're about to go to a set for a photo shoot!
Chuu: It's started actually.
(When you start to do something, you should listen 'Eclipse' by Kim Lip!)
Olivia Hye: It has started, Eclipse~
Chuu: Lip~
Chuu: Our older members, I mean Yves and Go Won...
Chuu: Go Won? Oops!
(Yves and Go Won are also here!)
Yves: This is our breakfast~
Go Won: Right~
Yves: I guess it matches well with this costume.
Yves: Shall I throw it?
(Yves wants to throw apples whenever she sees it)
(Anyway, they arrived the location for the first photo shoot!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/yyxy - rendezvous 18.6y"
(Today's probs are hamburgers!)
Go Won: Looks delicious~
Chuu: And a lot of beef...
(Go Won seemed very interested in the food!)
(It looks really delicious...)
Go Won: It's hard to endure!
Go Won: I wanted to eat all up!
Go Won: However I couldn't do that because it's a photo shooting~